---
layout: post
title:  Noice
date:   2018-06-22
category: third
comments: true
---

As my third week comes to a close, I just wanna say hell yeah. I was able to implement the voting scheme on both articles and comments seamlessly because I think I've got the polymorphism concept down. I didn't have to bug Eli with any questions and I solved everything myself. YEEEEAHHHHHH BOOIIIIIII!!!!!

One thing I also did today was help Peyton get the rails app running. Boy, oh boy we ran into so many problems. 
The first one was that apparently he didn't have permissions to view or create a public key to install command-line tools. 
However, we searched it up and found that he could edit his permissions using

{% highlight ruby %}
sudo chown -R <username> ~/.gnupg
    
#View permissions using:
ls -l ~/.gnupg
{% endhighlight %}

So after that, Peyton could finally install Ruby Version manager. The next problem that we the postgresql databases weren't created so that was easily fixable using:

{% highlight ruby %}
rake db:create
{% endhighlight %}

Finally, the last problem we had was that he was getting a `PG:ConnectionBad` error whenver he was trying to access `localhost:3000`. 
In order to fix that problem, go into your directory and type `rm postmaster.pid`
and then type:

{% highlight ruby %}
brew services restart postgresql
{% endhighlight %}

This retarts the Postgres server I think. After doing that, Peyton finally could see the Rails welcome page!

Next week, I am going to do the bonus specs that Eli listed in BaseCamp because I finished all the basic ones a week early!